In this file is a todo list of all changes from MC 1.14.4 to 1.15.2 (Buzzy bees) obtained to texture!

    ID-Name    | Status
_______________|__________
honeycomb      | open
honey_bottle   | open
bee_spawn_egg  | open
beehive        | open
bee_nest       | check
bee            | check

was this everythink? :D i can´t belive it!

So now the next one! From MC 1.15.2 to 1.16.4 (Nether update)
with a ? marked, i don´t know the ID of the block! Feel free to add missing items ;)

         ID-Name        | Status
________________________|__________
piglin                  | open
hoglin                  | open
hoglin_spawn_egg        | open
cave_spider_spawn_egg   | open
piglin_spawn_egg        | open
crimson_nylium          | check
warped_nylium           | check
nether_gold_ore         | check
crimson_fungus          | open
warped_fungus           | open
twisting_vines          | open
twisting_vines_plant    | open
weeping_vines           | open
weeping_vines_plant     | open
mushrumLight?           | unknown
nether_wart_block       | open
warped_wart_block       | open
target                  | open
soul_soil               | open
soul_fire               | check
basalt?                 | open
soul_lantern            | check
chain                   | open
soul_soil               | open
crimson_stem            | check
warped_stem             | check
stripped_crimson_stem   | check
stripped_warped_stem    | check
crimson_hyphae          | open
warped_hyphae           | open
stripped_crimson_hyphae | open
stripped_warped_hyphae  | open
crimson_planks          | check
warped_planks           | check
crimson_door            | check
warped_door             | check
crimson_trapdoor        | check
warped_trapdoor         | check
crimson_pressure_plate  | open
warped_pressure_plate   | open
crimson_button          | open
warped_button           | open
crimson_fence           | check
warped_fence            | check
crimson_fence_gate      | check
warped_fence_gate       | check
crimson_sign            | open
warped_sign             | open
crimson_wall_sign       | open
warped_wall_sign        | open
crimson_root            | open
warped_root             | open
soul_campfire           | check
